So I know I just showed a bunch of examples of influencer marketing, but what
truly is it?
Influencer marketing is basically when you have someone who already has a loyal
following
promote your product.
And ideally this is done in a very authentic way where the audience will
actually believe
that the influencer you're working with uses the product, actually likes the
product, is
genuinely a supporter and therefore they're going to trust the influencer
saying that
it's good product and they will believe that your product is actually a good
product.
There's actually been a study done recently.
Apparently people trust influencers more than doctors, which is pretty insane.
Maybe it's not all genzies users, but it's a trend that's increasing a lot of
people.
I actually saw some other article that showed an even bigger number than this,
but more
and more people are starting to trust influencers over any authority figure.
So this is something that is only going to be getting bigger, influencer
marketing as
a space and as a marketing channel.
It's only going to get more powerful.
You could think of it as a transfer of trust.
The trust that the audience has in the influencer will be transferred to
trusting your product.
It's social proof, the influencer is saying it's a good app and their audience
will believe
them.
Then it's an emotional connection because if they really support the influencer
, they
feel like they know them.
This is kind of called a cult-like following when the influencer is a deep,
deep connection
with their audience.
Then when the influencer uses something, their audience who wants to be exactly
like the
influencer will go get it.
And that's really how you have to look at this.
A lot of these influencers will just get views and we'll get into that more,
but that's what
you want to stay away from because views alone are worth nothing.
You need views that are tied to an influencer, which is tied to an audience
that trusts them.
The audience doesn't trust them.
If the audience doesn't support them, if the audience doesn't like them, they
will not
buy something that it influences or sells.
They won't want to be like the influencer and they won't use something the
influencer
uses or supports.
The bottom line is that people trust people.
People do not trust companies.
So having a person represent your brand, an influencer represented and influ
encer supported,
that's what these audiences will trust.
Cool, let's move on.